all right check it out guys Ginny this
Trevor James today's video session II is
a very special occasion we are flying to
Iran and this is the start of an awesome
new series we're flying to around for a
ton of delicious street food and this
video is gonna be a full-on adventure on
Mahon air and arrival in Tehran for some
delicious food let's check it out this
is part one of nine of our ultimate Iran
food adventure series we're bringing you
to taste some of the best food in the
world and six iconic Persian food
destinations and today we're starting
out by flying into Tehran and going
straight for some extreme Persian food
so make sure to click that Bell
notification button watch all the way
until the end and continue watching all
the videos in our ear on food playlist
huge thanks to mr dot taster on
instagram and to ally our tour guide
from come to Persia comm we are in the
Shenzhen Airport and we're so lucky
today because Mahon Air has sponsored
our light to Tehran direct from Shenzhen
and in this video we're gonna be
bringing you for the adventure on the
flight and when we arrive in Tehran
we're gonna go look for some awesome
Street food let's go check it out guys
it's gonna be an eight-hour flight
overnight from Shenzhen the excited to
go to Iran think this would be good it
should be really fun yes yeah oh thank
you there you go thing thank you
thank you and here we are guys we're
gonna board
Mahon air i think this is an airbus a340
it's about 12:30 a.m. right now we're
gonna be on this for nine hours land in
Tehran at 5:00 a.m.
meet up with our buddy mr. Kaiser and go
find some delicious Persian food my
first taste of real Persian food let's
go check it out thank you thank you very
much we're very excited thank you thank
you oh wow
we're just gonna relax have a delicious
meal overnight flight get some sleep and
arrive in her on beautiful it's nice and
hot right it's soothing isn't it
really nice and we are just about to
take off and taking orders and what I'm
really looking forward to trying look at
this we've got roast chicken thigh with
saffron rice saffron is famous in Iran
and that is going to be my main course
for sure and maybe a saffron tea thank
you very much and after a quick takeoff
we were greeted by the captain himself
for a once-in-a-lifetime surprise Hey
good how are you good to see you nice to
meet you really nice thank you
oh really
that would be really nice okay thank you
very much oh and here comes the
appetizers thank you beautiful and the
pilot just came up and invited us into
the cockpit after this meal so we're
gonna enjoy this and then go into the
cockpit thank you very much oh here's
the main course thank you
like South for huntin
on our way to Turan
that is super fluffy super fluffy price
and we've got chicken thighs covered in
a saffron sauce it's most buttery this
is the first taste of the Iranian stew
[Music]
it's lightly seasoned old which Saturday
look at that and it's creamy first taste
of Persian food we just got invited into
the cockpit let's go take a look there
we go
thank you good to see you thank you
thank you hey how are you
wow this is amazing this is a different
pistol yeah amazing there's a lot a lot
going on here well always something is
happening yes temperature you see that
sad set is -39 guarantee okay if the
temperature changes one or two degree
Celsius and a short distance then we are
going to have some - oh okay wow this is
amazing to see well thank you very much
like a Christmas tree oh yeah is it
really is an amazing experience they
come into the cockpit then see and we're
so excited to see Tehran and I hope and
taste the food and hope so it's gonna be
a great trip
thank you very much thank you
traditional Iranian beef okay
beautiful be in the cockpit
airball airball teeth
oh yeah really good maybe like a little
minty and you just drop it in makes one
away and then if you don't that's enough
that's enough okay so thank you okay
that's perfect
nice to be in the cockpit thank you very
much that is really nice
Lucy good to see you thank you for that
amazing we're just gonna get a little
sleep
in Tehran
and after a quick sleep we landed in
Tehran thank you very much see you see
you next time thank you thank you very
much thank you so much thank you thank
you so much thank you thank you
and here we are we're in Turan gonna be
awesome
welcome to Iran mr. chase - hey thank
you thank you
nice to meet you Wow and look at these
flowers a beautiful thank you beautiful
really yeah right away okay we're going
for sheepshead musubi good starting the
day Wow beautiful car and we're going
for Sheepshead okay 6:00 in the morning
wow so good to be here and before we
knew it we were cruising through Persian
highways driving past beautiful old
mosques and starting our day the truly
local way in Tehran with a whole sheeps
head for breakfast and we're just
driving on our way to the first taste of
food in Iran the sheep's head just
driving through the local neighborhoods
and super excited and here we are I meet
and I are going to the 6 a.m. keep head
oh oh this way ok shoot it's so good to
be in Tehran hanging out with Hamid mr.
taste there it's right here no you can't
boy worth me Oh bread yeah
yeah let's go inside Wow hello Ruby
Salam Wow buggy but uh fire
Maggie bar Becky grabber ya Salam wow
this is beautiful it smells delicious or
unique
good how are you yeah Oh Oh when it goes
on this big paddle here ya go inside oh
wow
and it goes deep wow that's beautiful
oh and I put it inside yeah yes you just
just go through go straight go straight
yeah okay okay and we're just gonna put
that in just first time you can see the
other bird over there okay Holly -
Sanjay Sanjay friend banner with the
sheep's head yeah look you've said
somebody like me if I marry somebody
like me like sangguk more than okay okay
let's go do that
thank you no okay and we're gonna see
some more bread what's this bread called
I mean fellow clean it we call it
sangguk sangguk yeah you can see their
songs their stones sang acting for
Siemens and the period that they waked
with this song
that's beautiful stunning so the stones
are really hard really hard so they put
that and they bake the bread right over
top of yeah yeah oh and there it goes
right in the oven so this is a plain
white flour yeah I just shaped into
these giant AHA like this that is so
cool
6:00 a.m. and we're gonna hold ready
that is a giant oven it's huge it is
yeah it's like it's like a bedroom we
call the sleep there no and there it is
yeah it's ready sesame yeah this is
beautiful
that smells amazing
yeah and it tastes on me and you can
serve up the lamb brain with it yeah
yeah okay are you ready
let's go China let's go okay merci hey
Manu so we got our bread and we're gonna
scoop it scoop the lamb brain up with
this nope let's go so the Lambs are
boiling in this stock yeah of rose water
you can see the hole so this is where
they boil yeah then I'm gonna put it at
night because they are young so it takes
only 1 hour 1 hour oh look at that
that's terraria that's the eye yeah
oh and that's yeah yeah oh you just put
it right on there it's amazing right oh
yeah and what's this spice you're
putting on oh it's so beneath it oh just
one more and because of ana-lucia
that is the most tender meat it is yeah
I've ever eaten yeah it's it's nice just
simmering in this sheeps head yeah and
Fanny and they normally have a bowl that
they put water in it and you can have it
with brain chips bouillon they were
playing football yesterday you was
playing football yesterday this is
amazing to see all of these sheep's head
and that cheap oil smells delicious yeah
it's only for breakfast only and but
some of the shops started to sell it for
lunch and dinner as well oh really
it's too heavy you know you can't have
it no dinner
whatever you're gonna see the ships
coming to your dream yeah this is the
whole brain that's the brain yeah it's
going to be hall and that's gonna go
with our tongue platter look at that
that's amazing
this is worth flying in here you're on
fire and here it is a stunning sheep's
head and there it is look at that we've
got the brain covered in that one after
another thank you and that's the mixture
that's superior mixture yeah so we got
the brain the top of the brain pong
cheese leg legs and all the oil yeah and
that's it
and that gets scooped out into the bowls
right yeah yeah luxury that is big this
is full-on so we've got that melted real
pattern yeah this is luxury yeah the
whole ship set yeah we've got the brain
here and I think yeah that's the leg
ship sling and this is the eye the most
illicit part and this is piers and oil
and it's also boiled in that road yeah
right yeah oh and a little saffron a
little saffron as well demand
yeah weather eather
cinnamon it's a bit hot front as well
and then we've also got that Oh the
luxury product your brain legging on
everything
this is talking to brain chorus okay Oh
oh my gosh yeah and you go for it yeah
[Laughter]
[Music]
it's so nice I told you Green yeah
that's butter yeah and I love this
election all of this juicy had meat but
also the pickled garlic yeah the pickled
chili we've got the drain mix right and
you can pour this lemon water
yes onto the brain mix yes that is
[Laughter]
luxury and this is the fish yeah look at
the pomegranate yeah dad we normally
using using it to wash it the balance
issue remover thank you hello
I was telling it's like a baby so we
take a rest now
yeah and then yeah go first off the ship
set just go home and sleep okay and
after a deep sleep
mr. taster picked us up and we met her
way out for a full-on Persian dinner
this was incredible it's amazing and
right now what's the plan and we're
going to graph the restaurant it's one
of the old oldest roller kebab
restaurant in Iran talk about chola
kebab yeah so we're gonna have a back
kebab we're gonna have cuvee day we're
gonna have chicken kebab it's amazing I
love it yeah thank you thank you yeah
we walked into a full-on Persian kitchen
with massive pots of pure Persian rice
cook with Persian saffron huge grill
station cooking up tons of kebabs and a
station where mr. rough tari himself
showed us how to make the famous bog
kebabs we're making lamb this will be my
first
nabob in Iran the first one
but
[Music]
let me just put it through right
precisely through Wow just just feel it
you know you wanted to go right through
the middle right is that oh that's
beautiful
oh it looks very tender oh this is
saffron Oh onion water exactly
and you've soaked it marinate it in and
then right on the claim these are the
koobideh yeah this is pure lamb now hear
them yes just lamb onions and some salt
and some restaurant using piece
vamos will mix it like 70 lamp 30 beef
traditional Persian recipe it is yes
most famous kebab the most famous people
loves it and to be honest iranian got
lots of memory of this kebab because
normally if the family's gonna have
going to be together and if the boy
could be there and they see it and they
eat together it's a bit cheap as well
okay so it's very economy one like this
[Laughter]
well it's a dream come true coming here
and before we knew it the food was all
on our table with the juiciest poo bead
a lamb kebabs wrapped up with bread
sweet basil and roast tomato bog kebabs
a huge saffron rice plate and more but
the real magic was on mr. raft ari
showed us how to make a homestyle shaken
butter rice kebab plate so we've got the
saffron rice roast tomatoes and koobideh
underneath and there's the kebab
underneath sumac it looks like the more
the better
oh the egg yolk what a specialty no
trying the egg yolk is mixed in and the
tomato I think the Bob's came up yeah
okay I'll eat it by hand so you take a
little Gooby exactly okay and take a
little yeah and then put it right in
[Music]
[Laughter]
you're never tasted a juice here I mean
uncle my favorite whole kebab combined
with that rice the buttery tomato egg
yolk infused rice injury that is it
right there thank you very much for
having us that was an incredible
experience Wow amazing thank you thank
you what a great first day you guys can
check out how Meads Instagram mr. taster
in the description below
mister the taster mister not tasty yet
you're not fast enough but another 13
days you're 14 days 14 14 days and we're
gonna be having lots of good food
thanks a lot for watching thank you
thank you